Document air_quality triggers & conditions (#44955)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_triggers/air_quality.so2_crossed_threshold.markdown

---
title: "Sulphur dioxide level crossed threshold"
trigger: air_quality.so2_crossed_threshold
domain: air_quality
description: "Triggers after one or more sulphur dioxide levels cross a threshold."
related_triggers:
  - air_quality.so2_changed
---

> The **Sulphur dioxide level crossed threshold** trigger fires when the sulphur dioxide (SO2) reading on one or more air quality sensors crosses a specific level. Sulphur dioxide is a sharp-smelling gas produced by burning sulfur-containing fossil fuels, volcanic activity, and some industrial processes. The WHO recommends keeping 24-hour SO2 exposure below 40 micrograms per cubic meter, because elevated levels irritate the respiratory system and worsen conditions like asthma.

Reviewer: The robot was right - we use the British spelling "sulphur" throughout, but this paragraph also uses AmE "sulfur". Rewrite for consistency and to simplify sentence structure:

```suggestion
The **Sulphur dioxide level crossed threshold** trigger fires when the sulphur dioxide (SO2) reading on one or more air quality sensors crosses a specific level. Sulphur dioxide is a sharp-smelling gas produced by burning fossil fuels that contain sulphur, volcanic activity, and some industrial processes. The WHO recommends keeping 24-hour SO2 exposure below 40 micrograms per cubic meter, because elevated levels irritate the respiratory system and worsen conditions like asthma.
```
